This is v3, so get ready and do not be overwhelmed and break anything. to prevent hassle we will just release the .exe to me so i can test it, do not publish it to the site automatically until I tell you to. We need to make sure ALL of the tweaks that are lacking in the app are better, we need to make sure every user after detection is getting tweaks that will push there pc to the best performance 100% (if a pc is detected we cannot optimize to its full performance we need to know somehow) do a deep dive into my apps tweaks and remaster them for the best performance and add in tweaks that will make everyone’s performance better because i still get complaints saying it only helped a little bit. Also my tabs feel like a nonstop scroll and are filled onto one page we need to separate them and spread out the wording of the tweaks when expanded to make everything look perfect because right now it still looks crowded (simple fix, make sure when my optigods admin panel is loaded on my phone the detection screen doesn’t popup.) (every game in the game detection needs to have the real games image/logo on it and the game detection needs to be 100% locked and loaded and ready to boost all of the games we have performance to 100%. you are expected to do a very deep and detailed analysis of the tweaks we have now in the app, the ui meaning how spread apart everything is and make sure everything stays perfect. Also keep everything that is working intact to prevent hassle, since this is a lot of typing let me know when you are done what you have achieved make sure everything is 100%. My app is still lacking the ability to take everyone detected to the next level with the tweaks so we need to find even more goated tweaks since i am calling myself the opti god. When you are done finishing the work of this prompt make sure all of the tweaks counts are updated on the website and everything. The biggest part of this update is making opti gods tweaks overall performance gain better, latency better (right now the dpc latency is to hard to use even for me, so just make these tweaks able to be applied with the click of the button and connect to a registry dword value that actually works. Also my Cod has not started running as good as i expected it to from the cod tweaks in the website (i have the 1650 super with 32gb of ram and a ryzen 5 3500) in the games detection tab add in the new 007 first light game and search for tweaks that will live up to opti gods name and take me and other users to the next level. After this nobody should be able to say they only gained a little bit of performance when trying to boost any game or on any system (the instant native scan should be going to my admin panels preset gen with the name of the user detected and be ready to apply the FULL tweaks including anything they may have missed or just in case they want the easy route from my .exe, also i need to be confident in my presets being able to select any tweaks that the user missed or the systems full detection missed (it should not miss anything for there system at all) I also previously told you that .ps1s are very annoying to me and any other user make every file that downloads from my .exe download as a smooth .bat file that opens and closes smoothly and shows the process that is happening with good ui. After this is all done and ready for me to test, tell me what was done to take me to the next level for v3 and tell me what new tweaks you found to take EVERYONE to the next level. also you never added the nvidia and amd tabs i told you about that will make it easier for everyone to optimize after a driver update or reset (add in a message that says this aswell) right now we are sloppy and can be better with the overall separation of the wording in the app, and we are not on the levels i told you i wanted to be on with performance of hone, paragon, exm, simply tweaks. when you are ready for me to test out the best optimizer in the world let me know.